(gentle guitar music)
Alright now the one last thing I wanna do
is correct this test that we have ignored.
So this was working, this was a unit test,
or I should say, an integration test,
against it, against the database,
previously, when we had the H2 in memory database
and we were using the annotation DataJpaTest.
And it's important to point out that this is bringing up
a subset of the Spring context, so they call it a slice
but it brings up the data slice up for us to test with.
Now this is gonna behave a little bit different for us,
so I'm gonna remove the @Ignore annotation.
So we don't want that guy.
Let's clean up the import as well.
(clicking)
And now, rather than JPA test,
we have a Mongo test.
And we're gonna go ahead and run this
and we're gonna see it fail.
So I step through this
and I'll show you exactly why it fails.
(clicking)
And our tests are failing
because we're not getting any values out of the database,
so our database initialization is no longer working.
Get rid of that import also.
So if you remember, we were initializing these values
in SQL, now we moved them over to our bootstrap class.
So let's go ahead and get to that class real quick.
So this class here sets up that test data
that we're looking for so these tests should run
once we get that data populated into the Mongo database.
Now you would think...
(clicking)
you would think if we wired it up this way,
we could just simply call upon it,
but I'm gonna show you that this fails.
Because what's happening is
we only have part of the context up.
And we can see that we're getting NoSuchBeanDefinitions.
So what we can do
it's not Autowired
(computer ticks)
but we can ask for the repositories.
So I'm gonna cheat here.
(clicking and scrolling)
So we need these two repositories here as well.
And we're not gonna do private final on 'em,
it's just a unit test.
But some people ask me why we do private final
and we wanna make our classes immutable.
So it's just a good habit to get into.
So we can ask for the repositories.
And now what we can do is recipeBootstrap.
Which we don't need to keep that up there.
(clicking)
And that takes in the categoryRepository.
(clicking and scrolling)
recipeRepository and unitOfMeasureRepository.
So we're basically mimicking what Spring would do
for us in the context.
(clicking and scrolling)
I think a null value would go through there.
So let's see if this actually works,
because we just wanna call that on application on that
and we're not using that context in there.
So I'm just gonna pass at it, event in as null,
so we're not checking that but it'll trigger
all these others to load this.
So let's see if this works now.
(clicking and scrolling)
Yeah we can that we did get one passing and one failing.
(clicks)
I'm gonna pause this for a second, take a closer look.
Okay, I didn't want you to see me troubleshooting,
tumbling through this but I do see what is going on here,
so what we have is that it,
this is returning a non-unique result.
So when we went through that,
we're expecting one comeback but we got more than one.
So what's happening is we have the before method here,
and that is loading up our database in the before.
And that method is going to every time before a test method.
So what happened is this got called twice.
And there's a couple different ways we can do this.
We've changed this to a before class,
but what's happening is now our database is more persistent.
Before in the JPA context, this was running on startup.
Now we're running before each test.
And what we can do, let it be a little bit cleaner here.
If we come in
and do
unitOfMeasureRepository.deleteAll().
And this is gonna basically set up the reset the database.
(clicking and scrolling)
And one more of the...
And I'm gonna change the order of this just in case,
because the recipe does have cleaners to it.
So let's go ahead and run this again.
I think this is gonna take care of it.
And remember,
MongoDB doesn't have the concept of transaction.
So in the JPA world, you can see the test passed now.
So just point out in the JPA world, we had transactions
and that the default behavior of Spring is to roll back
after each test method, so your integration tests
are gonna stay a little bit cleaner.
But here in Mongo, we don't have transactions,
so this is probably the best way to handle it
is by going in, cleaning up the database
and then we're gonna call our bootstrap.
So, we're setting up our own bootstrap bean to do that.
And then we'll initialize the data that way.
Now there is one other way I could have done this.
I could have set up a special test configuration
to bring in the bootstrap package
and ask the Spring context to wire up that one bean,
but I'm not quite sure which one would be better, it'd be,
as we say, six in one, half a dozen in the other.
So you could do it that way, that'd be absolutely valid.
Here, I just thought it would be a little bit simpler
and cleaner to work with the Spring boot slice.
The Mongo test, we just needed that one class there.
So now we're gonna set up that class.
Basically, we clean up the database
instantiate our bootstrap class
by injecting the repositories into it
and then call it the onApplicationEvent,
which is gonna initialize our data.
And now our integration tests are now passing.